src/attend/index.md, before:

---
layout: event.njk
title: Attending the Kagyu Monlam
---

# Livestream
To view recorded content from the Kagyu Monlam, please visit the [Karmapa channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/Karmapateachings) on YouTube.

# Attending in Person
If you wish to attend the Monlam in person, please use this process:

  1. [Register](/attend/registration/) for the Monlam. 
  1. Understand your [travel](/attend/travel/) options to and from Bodhgaya.
  1. Book your [accommodation](/attend/accommodation/)
  1. Once you arrive in Bodhgaya, join us at the <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/hZsxsW1zqMJ2" target="_blank">Kagyu Monlam Pavilion</a> and seek further information once you arrive. 


# Schedule

* Jan 16, 2017&ndash;Feb 4, 2017 (20 days): Twentieth Kagyu Guncho 
* Feb 7, 2017&ndash;Feb 8, 2017 (2 days): Grand Empowerment of the Five Deities of Chakrasamvara
* Feb 9, 2017&ndash;Feb 11, 2017 (3 days): Teaching - Torch of True Meaning
* Feb 13, 2017&ndash;Feb 19, 2017 (7 days): 34th Kagyu Monlam
* Feb 21, 2017&ndash;Feb 25, 2017 (5 days): Garchen Gutor Puja
* February 26, 2017: Smoke Offering "Clouds of Amrita"
* Feb 27, 2017&ndash;Mar 1, 2017 (3 days): Garchen New Year's Celebration
* Mar 2, 2017: Marme Monlam
* Mar 6, 2017&ndash;Mar 19, 2017 (14 days): 4th Arya Kshema Winter Dharma Gathering

# Location
[Kagyu Monlam Pavilion](https://goo.gl/maps/hZsxsW1zqMJ2)
Bodhgaya, Bihar 824231, India
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3624.8950486522567!2d84.9847660149996!3d24.69613428413177!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x39f32c5c00000001%3A0xc119a29a6ecbf2cf!2sKagyupa+International+Monlam+Trust!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1477179165926" width="300" height="225" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Commit message:

Updated text for attendee page
and a note about currency.

src/attend/index.md, after:

---
layout: event.njk
title: Attending the Kagyu Monlam
---

# Important Note about Indian Currency
Please take note that, as of November 8, 2016, the government of India has [banned](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/11/world/asia/india-rupee-ban-narendra-modi.html) all 500INR and 1000INR notes. This has greatly constrained the amount of currency available. ATMs can dispense a maximum of 2,000INR per day, and ATM lines are quite long. Sometimes you can wait in line only to have that ATM run out of money. 

While the situation is expected to improve by the time of the Monlam, all visitors are highly encouraged to obtain Indian Rupees **before** you reach Bodhgaya as cash supplies here are quite limited. **Do not accept any 500INR or 1,000INR notes as these are not accepted by any vendors and are no longer legal tender.**

# Livestream
To view recorded content from the Kagyu Monlam, please visit the [Karmapa channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/Karmapateachings) on YouTube.

# Attending in Person
Anyone is welcome to attend the Kagyu Monlam, free of charge. There is no online registration for the event. For security reasons, all participants must register in person at the <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/hZsxsW1zqMJ2" target="_blank">Kagyu Monlam Pavilion</a> with your passport, local address, home address, dates of your stay in India, etc. 

We encourage all attendees to become members of the Kagyu Monlam. [Membership](/attend/registration/) costs $150USD and affords many benefits, including help with accommodations and a meal plan during the Monlam. 



  1. [Register](/attend/registration/) for the Monlam. 
  1. Understand your [travel](/attend/travel/) options to and from Bodhgaya.
  1. Book your [accommodation](/attend/accommodation/)
  1. Once you arrive in Bodhgaya, join us at the <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/hZsxsW1zqMJ2" target="_blank">Kagyu Monlam Pavilion</a> and seek further information once you arrive. 


# Schedule

* Jan 16, 2017&ndash;Feb 4, 2017 (20 days): Twentieth Kagyu Guncho 
* Feb 7, 2017&ndash;Feb 8, 2017 (2 days): Grand Empowerment of the Five Deities of Chakrasamvara
* Feb 9, 2017&ndash;Feb 11, 2017 (3 days): Teaching - Torch of True Meaning
* Feb 13, 2017&ndash;Feb 19, 2017 (7 days): 34th Kagyu Monlam
* Feb 21, 2017&ndash;Feb 25, 2017 (5 days): Garchen Gutor Puja
* February 26, 2017: Smoke Offering "Clouds of Amrita"
* Feb 27, 2017&ndash;Mar 1, 2017 (3 days): Garchen New Year's Celebration
* Mar 2, 2017: Marme Monlam
* Mar 6, 2017&ndash;Mar 19, 2017 (14 days): 4th Arya Kshema Winter Dharma Gathering

# Location
[Kagyu Monlam Pavilion](https://goo.gl/maps/hZsxsW1zqMJ2)
Bodhgaya, Bihar 824231, India
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3624.8950486522567!2d84.9847660149996!3d24.69613428413177!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x39f32c5c00000001%3A0xc119a29a6ecbf2cf!2sKagyupa+International+Monlam+Trust!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1477179165926" width="300" height="225" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
